apps/IdentityApp/README.md, before:

# Holder App

To run start Android studio, open up the ADB Manager and start an emulated Android device. Or connect an Android device and confirm that it is connected by typing: `adb devices`.


**.env file**

Create a .env file with the following settings:

```
ISSUER_NAME=
ISSUER_ENDPOINT=
TINYQR_ENDPOINT=
IPFS_GATEWAY_ENDPOINT=https://ipfs.io/ipfs
DATA_VAULT_ENDPOINT=
RSK_NODE=
```

Example:

```
ISSUER_NAME=RIFOS
ISSUER_ENDPOINT=https://identity-credentials.testnet.rifos.org
TINYQR_ENDPOINT=https://identity-tiny-qr.testnet.rifos.org
IPFS_GATEWAY_ENDPOINT=https://ipfs.io/ipfs
DATA_VAULT_ENDPOINT=https://identity-data-vault.testnet.rifos.org
RSK_NODE=https://did.testnet.rsk.co:4444
```

**Install**
```
npm install
```


Start a credential issuer-server and set the URL in `src/providers/index`. In future versions, this URL may be located somewhere else. On Windows, using localhost failed, try using the IP address of your machine.


**Run**
```
npm run android
```

It will take a bit of time on first launch.

Commit message:

Add Data Vault Implementation for Declarative Details (#59)
* Add dummy SecretBox implementation.

* Use Datavault for storing and recovering declarative details

- Create IPFSPinnerClient.ts file to handle datavault interactions
- Save profile as string
- Restore profile, convert to object and pass to redux

* Move id-core and pinner to @rsksmart packages.

* Make change for details.content when restoring.

* Remove restoring loading message as the app now waits for the datavault before moving on.

apps/IdentityApp/README.md, after:

# Holder App

To run start Android studio, open up the ADB Manager and start an emulated Android device. Or connect an Android device and confirm that it is connected by typing: `adb devices`.


## .env file

Create a .env file with the following settings:

```
ISSUER_NAME=
ISSUER_ENDPOINT=
TINYQR_ENDPOINT=
IPFS_GATEWAY_ENDPOINT=https://ipfs.io/ipfs
DATA_VAULT_ENDPOINT=
RSK_NODE=
```

**Example:**

```
ISSUER_NAME=RIFOS
ISSUER_ENDPOINT=https://identity-credentials.testnet.rifos.org
TINYQR_ENDPOINT=https://identity-tiny-qr.testnet.rifos.org
IPFS_GATEWAY_ENDPOINT=https://ipfs.io/ipfs
DATA_VAULT_ENDPOINT=https://identity-data-vault.testnet.rifos.org
RSK_NODE=https://did.testnet.rsk.co:4444
```

## Install
```
yarn install
```

Start a credential issuer-server and set the URL in `src/providers/index`. In future versions, this URL may be located somewhere else. On Windows, using localhost failed, try using the IP address of your machine.

## react-native-os modification

The DataVault uses RIF-Storage which needs access to the `os` variable which is nodified by `react-native-os`. This package requires a slight modification that needs to be made for React Native to run. Remove `@Override`, the code on line 31, from this file: `node_modules\react-native-os\android\src\main\java\com\peel\react\RNSModule.java`.

## Run
```
yarn android
```

It will take a bit of time on first launch.
